Automatic postgres clustering (#2721)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/DATABASES.md

    ...
```

If the number of PostgreSQL nodes is higher than one Epiphany will automatically create a cluster of primary and

> secondary server with replication user with name and password specified in configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number of PostgreSQL nodes is higher than one, Epiphany will automatically create a cluster of primary and
standby server(s) with replication users with name and password specified in configuration file.
```

Author: Done.
